Add arranging bytesize talk to release checklist (#3086)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/tutorials/adding_a_pipeline/first_release.md

If you wish to make a publication based on the pipeline, make sure you [give credit to nf-core](/docs/guidelines/pipelines/recommendations/publication_credit).
:::

Once you've finished your release - it's time to tell the world about it!

> Post on the [#bytesize](https://nfcore.slack.com/archives/C01LNCGJBMH) slack channel of your release, to begin arranging a 15 minute introductory bytesize talk about your shiny new pipeline!

Reviewer: Wrong channel, see above

> Post on the [#bytesize](https://nfcore.slack.com/archives/C01LNCGJBMH) slack channel of your release, to begin arranging a 15 minute introductory bytesize talk about your shiny new pipeline!

Author: ```suggestion
Post on the [#bytesize_suggestion](https://nfcore.slack.com/archives/C081F8J2X8R) slack channel of your release, to begin arranging a 15 minute introductory bytesize talk about your shiny new pipeline!
```
